I am a software developer and this is a project that I created as part of my profile.
I update this from time to time - as I learn new skills. I also fix reported bugs.
This extension does not upload any data online - neither does it fetch / download anything.

Feature summary: -
 1. USE SHORTCUT - Ctrl+Shift+F - it is default for this extension (set shortcut in chrome if it not working). To open a link in new tab, hold Ctrl key while clicking on the link.
 2. This is just an editor - it doesn't mess up your data or store it anywhere - nothing is uploaded online. Turn on sync in your browser if you want to see your mobile bookmarks here.
 3. You can change theme using icons on top left - you can also CREATE a new one from there. You can only edit the themes you yourself create.
 4. Hover on icons for tips.
 5. Interface is easy to understand and support drag/drop. You can go into edit mode (by clicking pencil icon on top right) - then you can select multiple things and then drag drop them at the same time.
 6. You can drop folders on left panel / menu - then you can open them in full view as shown in screenshots. Then you can also move things into those folders using drag / drop or you can set a home folder.
 7. Use right click options - you can rename, hide names to show only icons on bookmark bar.
 8. No undo yet - you can undo anything by going to chrome's bookmark manager and then using Ctrl + Z.
 9. Please report bugs and share any feedback.


Some detailed explanations: -
The extension is mostly useful if you have a lot of bookmarks. I appreciate feedback (especially +ve ones) - I do get to things eventually.
Please report bugs - via comments/emails.

BASIC IDEA:  To view and manage bookmarks on full screen. It shows and edits in chrome bookmarks - move / rename / delete etc in a full tab view like a website.

PRIVACY:  NO DATA IS UPLOADED TO ANY WEBSITE - its not required.

HOW I USE THIS: I personally use it to view my mobile and other bookmarks occasionally and to hide some of their names so that they show as simply icons on the bookmarks bar(use right click).

I use shortcut to open it - Ctrl + Shift + F (reset it if it doesn't work).

Also I have pined a few folder onto side - then I just DRAG and DROP bookmarks onto the pinned one - to quickly move things.

Also when searching for some projects, I tend to create its separate folder. Pin it to side and set it as home. Whenever if I have to check links later, just press shortcut and all the links show up on screen in full page.

SYNC DATA across devices: It does not interfere with chrome's built-in data synch-up process. So you can bookmark something on phone and after google syncs your data it will show up in the extension.

GROUP: To show folders together and bookmarks sorted alphabetically (by url). It has a button on top right.

DUPLICATES: Button on top-left side to check if you have any.

SEARCH: Search within current folder only.

RIGHT CLICK: things such as rename, delete, hide name in bookmark bar, show in parent folder (can be useful when clicking something you found through search).

DRAG/DROP: You can use it to move bookmarks/folders to another folder. Or pin a folder to side bar (maybe set it as home later - right click).

ROW-WISE / COLUMN-WISE: Button in top right. Its used to switch the direction in which the bookmarks are arranged. Whether the rows are filled first or are the columns filled first.


Tips:
1. Use Ctrl + F (chrome's feature) to find bookmarks from time to time.
2. Use Right click menus. They have features like show in folder (in search).
3. Edit Mode : Button in top right. It just allows you to select and apply simple operations - move, delete - to multiple bookmarks/folders at once.
